# Fake_Social_Media_Profile_Detection

Have you ever purchased a product or service based on the nomination of the owner of a YouTube channel you follow or a blogger on Instagram? If you did... it means that you have fallen under the influence of influencer marketing. Who is the influencer? An influencer is someone who has the ability to influence the buying decisions of others because of their power, knowledge,  position, or relationship with their audience. It is important to note that these individuals are not just marketing tools, they are social networking assets with which brands can collaborate to achieve their marketing objectives. From here, the concept of influencer marketing is to exploit the best content makers on different platforms, celebrities and influencers in a particular field to spread awareness among people and promote a particular product or service. The challenge that promoters and marketing experts faced at the time is their scepticism about the validity of this influencer depending on a number of factors. Among the challenges - many - that have occurred in the influencer marketing arena since its appearance in 2006, is the emergence of social media platforms little by little in the picture such as Facebook and Twitter, which Instagram joined later in 2010, According to the January 2019 We Are Social Report, 3.484 billion people actively use social media - that's 45% of the world's population. These people inevitably look to social media influencers to guide their decisions. You can separate different types of social media influencers in multiple ways. Some of the most common methods are through the number of followers. Big influencers are people who have a large number of followers on their social networks, which made some influencers manipulate the numbers of followers and interaction rates in social media. From here came the idea of our project, which is the automated classification of Fake/ Not Fake accounts using machine learning capabilities.


